well this is my room and where I come from
teach comment the sims 3 with 2 dvds
dvd 1 and 2 good let's start
first with the insert
the dvd 1
very different from the sims 3 to be able
teach them again
be seeing
well once you have read they give it to
execute author
good will you offer this box give you
the French language English or Spanish and you
they give to accept
Well, this is going to appear to you on
wizard now without three
of the welcome page good they give
to next
choose in your country if they reach you
following
here accept the terms the following
well here they're going to have to put them on
good serial this would leave the
video dysfunction
of the next
the typical or custom for
Most handsome I typical next
install when I'm going to think the video
because this is going to take a little while
what
we make good you forget to tell me that a
half of the installation asked them
the second disk so remove the
First
and it came out
and take out places on the second dvd disc
and they can hit
well there will read them and yes, so
that means that good as you see from
finish
here you guys if you want the brand not the
marks in the frame of the following
and then they will appear in the version
lion before appearing download this
light pained in beyond
to be able to download the updates
of the game
you want the brand or the brands
you can download
and install this integration
lm
yr the brand marks the frames and you
they give to finalize
and it will be ready
but they will not be able to play
if they can open it but they can not
install this I will not leave it
I'll leave it in the description of the video
that house a j
true
in the video they will be able to open 3 and 3 but not
may play
that is cordial
look , I'm going to mix them
this will open them in the game ugel this
level
they already install this immediately they
warns that there are in host expressions
software sun ok
I got to the
in my yoke
I want to win again this
all right
good
if you want the skill half mind but
I would ask them for the other crack
and if for those who have ideas
originals could not update that
expression here I wanted to save the company
do not
and then they squeeze here
the game disc is not found because it does not
will be crack already good to create it is
very easy to be a team
these right click open
they are going to crack
anyway
they copy those files
in copy
they go where the
the taste of fire
my good father is to be able to continue looking for
2003 arts elections folder
all right
and there with the click actually paste
copy him a businessman
and said to replace it again and be
graceful
I swear to you from the heart to be
graceful will work properly
as I should because I judged him
well said sullivan I like it
any question my facebook
or comment comments followed me three
videos that are needed to facebook that
they add I will gladly accept
we make and videos of víctor
and you are